---
title: 'Saturday, October 27th'
publish_time: '2018-10-26T23:49:29Z'
---

***\*Today is Nightmare in NULU!  From 1-4pm kids can Trick or Treat
here at The Ville along with all the other NULU shops.  There will also
be a Kids Zone and Face Painting.  The Nightmare will continue until the
evening for all other activities.***

***\*\*The Making Strides Against Breast Cancer walk is this morning
starting at 9:30am.  The walk will be traveling down Main Street so you
may want to try to arrive earlier than usual for class and park on a
side street.  There will be no parking on Main Street.***

Bench Press 2-2-2-2-2\@90% 1RM

Single Arm DB Rows 4-4-4-4-4/arm

then,

5 Rounds for time of:

50ft Bear Crawl

10-Shoulder Press (95/65)

50ft Burpee Broad Jump

10-L Pullups

***\*Tomorrow (Sunday) we're having our annual Halloween WOD!  Come to
workout in your best costume, there will be prizes!  Free to all so you
can bring a friend as well.***

***\*November 17th-18th CrossFit the Ville will be hosting a USAW
Weightlifting Level 1 Coaching Certification Course!  The Scope and
Sequence of this course includes the teaching progressions of the
Snatch, Clean & Jerk, and all associated movements.  Participants will
gain knowledge and experience of programming of training for both
competitive weightlifters and for athletes using the weightlifting
movements for strength and power development as it applies to their
chosen sport.  ***

***Lead Instructor: Mark Cannella, President and Head Coach of Columbus
Weightlifting in Columbus, Ohio.  He has been part of the lifting
community as an athlete, coach, administrator, and official for over 29
years.***

***This 2 day course is \$499.  Those who complete this course will be
awarded their USAW Level 1 Coaching Certificate.  ***

***For more information contact Daniel\@crossfittheville.org or***

***Mark Cannella at mark\@columbusweightlifting.org.***

***Click the link below to register: ***

<https://webpoint.usaweightlifting.org/wp15/Events2/Registrations/Register.wp?rgs_EventID=168977>
